{
    "title": "Boris Brejcha - Anthurie",
    "description": "Label: Harthouse\nRelease Date - 2014-02-21\nAlbum \"Feuerfalter - Part 02\" available on: \n(http:\/\/www.beatport.com\/release\/feuerfalter-part-02\/1235696)\n\nMusic is colorful, diverse and vibrant as the butterflies. Almost 180,000 different species live in 127 families. The music by Boris Brejcha is like a \"Feuerfalter\" (copper). On one side the butterfly is relaxing and floating on the wind, but on the other hand he also sets with steam and fire to a fall into a low altitude. This is how it feels when Brejcha makes music.\n\nThe fourth album is exactly the description of this \"Feuerfalter\", a kind of backflash into the impressive career of Boris Brejcha. An album that deliberately shows how the artist works versatile. Times slightly floating, sometimes wild hitting the wing, always full of passion. The influences of his travelings and performances characterize his art again.\n\nThis creates a music that may be accompanied on Brejchas audience the whole day: at home, in a relaxed atmosphere or just at night, when the trip through the clubs starts. On the album \"Feuerfalter\" this individuality is turned on. Brejcha even picks up the desire of his ans to weave a few quieter tracks into his cosmos.\n\n(http:\/\/www.harthouse.com\/)\n(https:\/\/soundcloud.com\/boris-brejcha)",
    "videoid": "139542335",
    "date_created": "1481836686",
    "date_modified": "1517601732",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/boris-brejcha-anthurie\/139542335"
}