{
    "title": "Hraach - Delirio [Deepclass Records]",
    "description": "As my love for oriental-vibes grows bigger & bigger (especially caused by the duo Bedouin), I came across Hraach, an amazingly talented armenian producer based in Valencia. He made some really great slow-burners, that pretty much always work for starting a set nice & smooth! \"Delirio\" might not be in this \"oriental\"-category...but it has a great slow & chill vibe that seems perfect to start the night. Have a great weekend everyone.\n\nEnjoy & Buy!!\n\nWant this video removed? Please contact us here and we will take the upload down immediately!\nContact : niewiederschlafen@googlemail.com\n\nBuy Digital : https:\/\/pro.beatport.com\/release\/delirio\/1484986\n\nRelease : 16.03.2015\n\n\"Hraach - Delirio\" \n\nArtist : Hraach\nFacebook : https:\/\/www.facebook.com\/hraaach\/?fref=ts\nSoundcloud : https:\/\/soundcloud.com\/hraach\n\nLabel :  DeepClass Records\nKatalog : DCREC149\n\nQuality : 160 kBit\/s\n\nPromotion Text : \n\nDelirio by Hraach is finally out and to stay! With three original Deep House, this EP will sure blow your minds! Hraach's search for new sounds and the vast experience he possess is perfectly portrayed in these tracks, making them a must have among all deep house listeners and fans. With tight basses and flowing melodies, this EP is something you dont want to miss! \n\n---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nBe a Part of our \"Nie Wieder Schlafen\"\/ \"Never Sleep again\" - Community :\n\nFacebook     : https:\/\/www.facebook.com\/niewiederschlafen?fref=nf\n\nSoundcloud (Nie wieder Schlafen) : https:\/\/soundcloud.com\/niewiederschlafen\n\nSoundcloud (ME)    : https:\/\/soundcloud.com\/steppi-k\n\n---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nVideo only for Promotion of the Artists.\nThe music in this video is copyrighted by their respective owners.\nWe do not own the copyrights for them. If you are a copyright holder of a specific track and wish your music to be removed, please contact us HERE:\nniewiederschlafen@googlemail.com\n\nThe picture in this video is copyrighted by their respective owners.\nIf you know the artist who made this picture, please let us know and we'll give him credits! \nPlease contact us too, if you own the picture in any way and want the video to be taken down! RIGHT HERE:\nniewiederschlafen@googlemail.com+",
    "videoid": "139542334",
    "date_created": "1481809222",
    "date_modified": "1517601732",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/hraach-delirio-deepclass-records\/139542334"
}