{
    "title": "Edu Imbernon & Los Suruba feat. Daniel Wilde - Leopard (Sascha Braemer & Dan Caster Remix)",
    "description": "Label: Stil Vor Talent (http:\/\/www.stilvortalent.de\/)\nRelease Date - 2012-12-10\nAlbum \"Edu Imbernon & Los Suruba feat. Daniel Wilde - Leopard\" available on:\n(http:\/\/www.beatport.com\/release\/edu-imbernon-and-los-suruba-feat-daniel-wilde-leopard\/1010568)\n\nTraclist:\n1. Leopard (Original Mix)\n2. Leopard (Boy Next Door Remix)\n3. Leopard (Sascha Braemer & Dan Caster Remix)\n4. Leopard (Sascha Braemer & Dan Caster Dub Mix)\n\nWhat better way to welcome the New Year than with a bang? Thats precisely why we once again got the extraordinary Edu Imbernon on board to follow up on last years outstanding Mystery Inside. On Leopard, Edu teams up with Barcelona residents Los Suruba and the vocal talent Daniel Wild to dazzling effect. The original mix kicks off the A-Side with shuffling rhythms and atmospheric pads that make way for a beautiful synth bass-line, echoing bells and Wildes sensuous voice, driven forward by a sharp snare. Striking a perfect balance between restraint and euphoria, we are invited on a dreamy musical journey that arrests both, body and soul. On the flip, things get colourful on Boy Next Doors remix of Leopard as neon disco chords lighten up a deep bass-line, while Wildes vocals are given ample room to work their magic. Last but not least, Sascha Braemer & Dan Caster create something entirely different by pitching down the vocals, replacing the originals synths with enchanting guitar loops and steely high hats. Never surrender!",
    "videoid": "139542309",
    "date_created": "1446711943",
    "date_modified": "1517601732",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/edu-imbernon-los-suruba-feat-daniel-wilde-leopard-sascha-braemer-dan-caster-remix\/139542309"
}